De-dupe and clarify `WorkItem` attribute requirements in agent instructions (#84017)
dotnet/roslyn: .github/copilot-instructions.md

```

**Testing Conventions**:

> - Always add `WorkItem` alongside test attributes, for example `[Fact, WorkItem("https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/issues/1234")]`, replacing `1234` with the GitHub issue number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the change is related to a GitHub issue, add `WorkItem` alongside test attributes, for example `[Fact, WorkItem("https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/issues/1234")]`, replacing `1234` with the GitHub issue number
```
